feat(docs): release notes 0.0.4 (#34)
fleekxyz/fleek-xyz-docs: release-notes/release-notes-0.0.4.md

---
draft: false
title: Release notes v0.0.4
sidebarCollapsible: false
sidebar_position: 6
date: 2023-01-10T09:00:00.000+00:00

> description: Welcome to the documentation for the beta of Fleek.xyz. Whether you are an expert or an absolute beginner, you'll find your answers here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Welcome to the documentation for the Fleek.xyz beta. Whether you are an expert or an absolute beginner, you'll find your answers here.
```

category: Documentation
keywords: [services, documentation, getting started]
tags:
- Accounts
- Guide
- Learn
- Fleek
---

> In this changelog we are doing introducing some changes on the deployment overviews, increased the upload limit of the storage and some quality of life improvements that we've been collecting from the feedback all our users have been sharing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this changelog, we are introducing some changes to the deployment overviews, increasing the upload limit of the storage, and some quality-of-life improvements that we've been collecting from the feedback users have been sharing.
```

### New Features

- New build breakdown in the deployment overview.
- Duplciate detection in the storage before uploading.

> - Integrated ENS name resolution for users that have authenticated with wallet and have an ENS name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integrated ENS name resolution for users that have authenticated with a wallet and have an ENS name.
```

> - Added async abailability for domain names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added async availability for domain names.
```

> - Added async abailability for environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added async availability for environment variables.
```

- Added async availability validation for private gateways name.
- Added async availability validation for site name.
- Added async availability validation for emails.

### Improvements

> - Adjusted the the deployment tags to show previews, current and outdated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjusted the deployment tags to show previews, current, and outdated.
```

> - Increased the upload limit of the storage to 2GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increased the storage upload limit to 2GB.
```

> - Changed the way we create pins so we display it inmediately in the UI after upload is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the way we create pins so we display it immediately in the UI after upload is complete.
```

> - Increased the docker image name character size to 50 chgaracters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increased the docker image name character size to 50 characters.
```

- Increased the env variable value character size to 250 characters.
- Added copy to clipboard button in the deployment overview.
- Improved the efficacy of the site screenshot generation.

### Fixes

- Fixed a typo in the docker image tooltip.

> - Fixed a problem where the user was not able to click the site slug was not clickable after the first deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a problem where the site slug was not clickable after the first deployment.
```

---
draft: false
title: Release notes v0.0.4
sidebarCollapsible: false
sidebar_position: 6
date: 2023-01-10T09:00:00.000+00:00
description: Welcome to the documentation for the Fleek.xyz beta. Whether you are an expert or an absolute beginner, you'll find your answers here.
category: Documentation
keywords: [services, documentation, getting started]
tags:
- Accounts
- Guide
- Learn
- Fleek
---

> In this changelog, we are doing introducing some changes to the deployment overviews, increasing the upload limit of the storage, and some quality-of-life improvements that we've been collecting from the feedback all our users have been sharing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this changelog, we are introducing some changes to the deployment overview page, increasing the storage upload limit, and some quality-of-life improvements that we've implemented from the feedback all our users have been sharing.
```

### New Features

- Automatic ENS integration is now available.
- New build breakdown in the deployment overview.
- Wallet linking is enabled for email accounts.
- Email linking is enabled for wallet accounts.
- Duplciate detection in the storage before uploading.
- Integrated ENS name resolution for users that have authenticated with a wallet and have an ENS name.
- Added async availability for domain names.
- Added async availability for environment variables.
- Added async availability validation for private gateways name.
- Added async availability validation for site name.
- Added async availability validation for emails.

### Improvements

- Adjusted the deployment tags to show previews, current, and outdated.
- Increased the storage upload limit to 2GB.
- Changed the way we create pins so we display it immediatly in the UI after upload is complete.
- Increased the docker image name character size to 50 characters.
- Increased the env variable value character size to 250 characters.
- Added copy to clipboard button in the deployment overview.
- Improved the efficacy of the site screenshot generation.
- Duplicated uploads are now skipped and marked as duplicates.

> - Site slug now has a maximum og 63 character long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Site slug now has a maximum of 63 characters long.
```

- Increased the succes rate of the screenshot service.

### Fixes

- Fixed a typo in the docker image tooltip.
- Fixed a problem where the site slug was not clickable after the first deployment.
- Disabled the redeployment button while the first deployment is in progress.

> - ENS modal is now closing after clicking 'Ok, I have added it' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ENS modal now closes after clicking 'Ok, I have added it' button.
```

> - NextJS temaplte image is now displaying in all browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NextJS template image is now displaying in all browsers
```

> - Storgae tooltip now displays the correct information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Storage tooltip now displays the correct information.
```

- Project name can be change on Arc Browsers.

> - ENS submanes can be added correctly to a site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ENS subnames can be added correctly to a site.
```

- Only images can be uploaded as avatars now.

> - Domains are removed from the list inmeditally after triggering the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Domains are removed from the list immediately after triggering the deletion.
```
